# CS-330

  In order to apporoach designing software, it is best to start simple. The first thing is to understand the problem you are trying to solve. Once that is done, then you can start writing code to solve that problem. Write the code in small sections. Nothing will dampen your spirits worse that writing 100s of lines of code, only to discover an error that makes you rewrite all those lines of code. This brings us to testing. Write a little, then test it. This approach will save a lot of time and sweat. For this project, I was constantly running the code, then altering a small part of the code, then running it again. This way I could see the results of the changes I was making on a constant basis. This way, I could place a shape into the correct position, and then work on the scale or rotation. Then I could go back and make minor adjustments if needed. Approaching it this way instead of coding everything at once saved me from having to completely deleting the object and starting over. The tactic of constant testing can definitely be used in my future endeavours in the world of software design.

  One can apply the same tactics to designing programs as a whole. You have to handle it in small pieces. Once you identify the main objective of the program, break it down into smaller objectives. For this project, I needed to create an entire scene. So, I separated the components within the scene. By creating each section separately, I was able to create the entire scene with minimal issues. Therefore, iteration played a major part into development of my scene. Taking this step by step approach, I was able to complete each milestone on a weekly basis and by the end of the project, all I had to do was bring everything together.

  Computer science can help me reach my goals by providing a foundation that I can build upon. It doesn't just help to to learn how things work, but why they work also. With this knowledge, I can easily move across the different industries that fall under the umbrella of computer science. Computational graphics has given me more practice and understanding of using complex techniques to create in depth imagery. This is highly beneficial to my future educational pathways because I can use these techniques for other software development classes. As for future professional pathways, computational graphics and visualizations can be used in many industries all over the globe. These skills can be used in the medical field, product design, and the entertainment industry. I think a career in video game design would be very exciting, and the knowledged I've learned here can certainly open those doors for me.
